 Daniel is in San Diego. Hi, Daniel. Welcome to the Dave Ramsey Show. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? My wife and I were recently approached by a couple whom we met at church. They told us about Amway and the World Wide Group, which is in the business to train and educate independent business owners to be successful in their Amway business. Now I know Amway is not a scam, so to speak, but I do have major concerns based on the fact that there's just so much negative press on Amway on the Internet. So I mean, I can totally meet someone for the first time. Tell them about Amway and they'll probably do a Google search on Amway and find a bunch of negative press on it. So although Amway might be a good opportunity, do you feel the bad idea based on the fact that there's so many people against it? No. There's so many people against everything. It is multi-level marketing in general is very polarizing. And so any multi-level marketing group that you got involved in, you would find very, very negative things. And then the people that are involved are almost cult-like in their enthusiasm for it. So there's nobody kind of in the middle that's just kind of like, yeah, nobody does that. Everybody's got a negative opinion or a positive opinion. And that's what you're going to run into. And so the thing is what you've got to decide is what you want to do with your life. The mistake sometimes people make getting into multi-level is that they're sold to dream, so to speak. They get into multi-level just for the money and you don't want to do that. You always want to pick your career based on, is it a fit for you and then go live your life appropriately? Now I have friends that have probably have five friends or more that make a million dollars a year or more or have made that in the past in multi-level. But they are very promotional individuals. They're very driven. They have evolved into excellent recruiters and managers of large numbers of people that turn over frequently. The nature of the multi-level is to make money, to make real money, like six figures and beyond. You have to be a master recruiter, motivator, trainer of salespeople. You are constantly adding because they turn over like underwear. I mean, it's got a huge turnover ratio. And so you've got to be really, really good at recruiting and training salespeople in mass ongoing. If you can do that, you can make good money in multi-level. If you get in one that the product line is actually solid, then there's no shame in it. But all of us have been approached by someone who would not take no for an answer and they damaged their relationship with you. So you've got to have a little class about it if you're going to be in it. Because for instance, I'm not in multi-level and I'm highly successful and I'm not getting in multi-level. And so for you to treat me like I'm some kind of an idiot because I won't join your thing is going to damage our relationship. Agreed? Are you there? Yes, I'm here. Okay. And so you've got to think about how you're going to approach it. And then the second thing is, are you looking to be a sales manager? Is that what you want to do with your life? And there's nothing wrong with that. If that's motivating to you and you think that's going to be fun and you're a real people person and you get energy from people, then you're going to enjoy that. But if you're an accountant and a high detail person and highly introverted, you're going to really struggle with this. So that's what you're looking for. And I am not an endorser of multi-level and I sure don't think they're for everyone. They're for a select few people who choose to go that route and do, will do very, very well that way. Most of them are pretty crummy part-time jobs and they're often pitched as a part-time job. And in general, of the concept, I'm not a fan, but there are parts of it that are legitimate and I will admit that and say that, you know, again, I have friends that are legitimate in those businesses and have done very, very well. So hope that helps you. Open phones that triplate 825-5225. By the way, Amway folks pretty much invented that. So the legal version of, you know, the detractors, always, the trolls, always call it a pyramid game. It's not a pyramid game by definition. It's network marketing. But to equate that to my business or to a traditional business model is absurd and that's, you know, you people that have drunk the Kool-Aid and you get all pissed off if anybody questions the veracity of your little endeavor. And so just calm down and be a normal human and treat other people with respect and you'll be alright.