 Hi, would you like to know the truth about AMway? I used to be a distributor for AMway. I'm no longer with the company and what I'd like to do in today's video is reveal the truth about AMway. Answer some questions, common questions like is it a scam, is it a pyramid scheme? I'd like to tell you the biggest complaints that I hear from AMway distributors and I'm going to reveal to you the number one challenge that AMway distributors face in building their business and the secret that really only does most successful AMway distributors know but that they tell very few of their new recruits. My name's Tyson. I want to thank you for watching my video. I'm guessing you found my video either because maybe you're already in AMway and you're struggling or maybe you think you got duped or you made a big mistake and you're trying to find out if you know if you can actually move forward with this or maybe you're doing well in your AMway business and you're just looking for a way to take it to the next level. Either way this video will help you with that or maybe you're not an AMway at all. Maybe a family member or a friend introduced you to AMway and you're just kind of out doing some research to find out if it is a legitimate business opportunity or you know if your family member or friend got involved in something they shouldn't have. So either way I'm glad you found my video because I'm going to answer all of those questions for you and like I said I'm going to reveal the big biggest problem that AMway distributors face in their business and the biggest secret that most of them don't know that will change their business if they only knew it. But first let me give you a little background information about the company. I won't go into too much depth here because you can find that other places on the web but AMway is one of the oldest and most established network marketing companies in the industry. They've been around since 1959. They sell a variety of home-based products everything from you know skincare products to health products like protein powders and things like toilet paper and paper towels and so forth. It's an excellent company they've got great products to back the company, great leadership. So there's actually absolutely nothing wrong with the AMway company at all. The way that the distributors make their money is by referring other people to use the product. So it's not like money is just being passed around in AMway for the sake of passing it around. The money is being is being handed over to actually purchase a product the same way that you would if you went to purchase you know a product at Walmart or if you went to go purchase. The way that the distributors make their money is by making a commission essentially off of bringing other people into by the AMway products. The same way that you might make a commission if you worked at an insurance company and you sold an insurance policy. So the idea that AMway is some sort of a scam or a pyramid scheme or like a Ponzi scheme of some sort is absolutely false. If you want my personal opinion I actually think corporate America looks a whole lot closer to a pyramid than anything in the network marketing industry. I mean think about it. Have you had a job before where you had a boss? If so did you make any more money than your boss and did his boss make more than his boss and did his boss make more than his boss? No. To me corporate America we're the guy at the top the CEO makes the most and the people here make less and the people here make less and the people down at the bottom make even less. To me that looks way more like a pyramid than anything in the network marketing industry. In fact in AMway you could sign up today and if you can outsell your your sponsor you could actually pass them up and start making more money than them. So in no way is this some sort of pyramid scheme where only the guy at the top is going to make the most money. The problem though is that most people don't know the secret to building a big organization. Okay and that secret is that you have to know how to generate leads. You have to know how to use the the power leverage the power of the internet to build leads because guys leads are the lifeblood of any business. I don't care whether it's an online business or an offline business. You got to know how to get people who are interested in your product or your opportunity in front of you because listen yes your AMway upline leaders are probably going to tell you when you sign up in AMway. Oh well you've already got leads. All you it's all of your friends and family members that you know they're probably going to tell you to make a list of your hundreds hundred closest family and friends and go out and tell them about the business opportunity and bring them in for a presentation. But the problem with that and this is the biggest complaint that I hear from AMway distributors is that just doesn't work. Those old traditional methods of building the AMway business are dead. They're gone. They don't work for the majority of people anymore. People don't want to be doing home parties or hotel meetings and three way calls. It's just not an effective way to build a business in the 21st century. The way that the effective most successful leaders are building their business is by doing it online, by generating leads on the internet, by bringing people to them who are interested. To me going out and calling your hundred closest family and friends it doesn't make any sense because how many of those people are actually going to be interested in starting a business. It's just sort of like a crapshoot. To me it's like that's like trying to drag a vegetarian into a steakhouse. The owner of a steakhouse doesn't go out on the street and just drag random people in hoping they like steak. What do they do? They market their product. They get their steak, their product in front of as many people as they can and they let the people who like steak come to them. That's the way you ought to be building a network marketing business. And the most effective way to do that is by generating leads online. And I can actually show you a three-step process if you want to click on the presentation below this video that will show you exactly how to do that. That's the secret that all of the big earners are doing. And here's the dirtiest little secret of all is that they're building their business without making phone calls, without bugging their family and friends, without chasing down people in Walmart, basically without doing all of the things that they suggest their new recruits to do. So if it doesn't work all that well why are they suggesting their new recruits to do it? Well it's an easy answer. It's because anybody can do that, right? They know that the average person who joins Amway is gonna fail and they're gonna quit. Within about two to three weeks time they're gonna lose steam, they're gonna lose motivation and they're just gonna kind of give up. So what are they doing to build their organization? They're leveraging your list and your excitement in the beginning to get you to do things that are very easy for anyone to do. Anybody can pick up the phone and call their buddy or their grandma and invite them to a presentation. That's really simple for anybody to do. But in order to really build a long lasting business you gotta have marketing skills and that's true for any business. Okay whether you're in network marketing or Amway or you're building an insurance business or a corporation, it doesn't matter. You've got guys, this is the 21st century. The days of putting a yellow page ad in the in the telephone book and expecting that that's how you're gonna build your business and the phone calls are gonna roll in. It's over. The way you've got to learn to build your business is to market it. There's a simple, simple three-step process. Don't let the term internet marketing scare you away. Okay? Even if you're not tech savvy anybody can do this. You just have to learn the three simple steps of how to do it and if you click on the link below this video you'll see a presentation that shows you exactly what you need to know to build any business. Whether it's Amway or whether it's your offline business, it doesn't matter. You've got to be able to generate leads. You've got to be able to communicate with those leads over time, market to them and you've got to be able to convert those leads into sales and if you can learn the simple three-step process that will be completely explained for you in the presentation on the next page it will take you to a whole new level in any business that you're running. Guys I'm excited to share this presentation with you because it wasn't all that long ago that I was sitting right where you're at right now. I was involved in a network marketing company. I was frustrated. I was ready to give up on my dreams because I had done what my offline leaders told me to do and it wasn't working. So I'm here to tell you that if you've been calling your warm list and you haven't had success that way there's nothing wrong with you. Don't feel bad. Okay? You've only been doing what you've been told to do but it's bad information. You've just been looking in the wrong places and I'm about to show you where the right places are to look and the exact processes that you need to take to find people who are truly qualified and truly interested in your business instead of picking up the phone and interrupting people's day by calling people who have no pre-existing desire to start a home business. So don't wait any longer. Guys this presentation I wasn't where you were long ago it changed my life. It changed my entire approach to how I do network marketing. I want you to click on the link below this video. I want you to watch that presentation and guys I wish nothing but the most success in your business and in your life. Until next time Peace